Document `thread_subscriptions` stream writer and fix documentation of `quarantined_media_changes` stream writer. (#19746)
element-hq/synapse: docs/workers.md

    ^/_matrix/client/(api/v1|r0|v3|unstable)/keys/device_signing/upload$
    ^/_matrix/client/(api/v1|r0|v3|unstable)/keys/signatures/upload$

##### The `thread_subscriptions` stream

> This stream is only used for MSC4306 (experimental).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This stream is only used for [MSC4306](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-spec-proposals/pull/4306) (experimental).
```

> It is not used when that experimental feature is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not used when the `msc4306_enabled` experimental feature is disabled.
```

The `thread_subscriptions` stream supports multiple writers.
The following endpoints should be routed directly to one of the workers
configured as stream writer for the `thread_subscriptions` stream:

    ^/_matrix/client/unstable/io.element.msc4306/.*

##### The `quarantined_media_changes` stream

> The `quarantined_media_changes` stream supports multiple writers. The following endpoints should be routed directly to one of the workers

Reviewer: Perhaps this should read like the `presence` stream above

```suggestion
The `quarantined_media_changes` stream supports multiple writers.

The following endpoints should be routed directly to the workers configured as
the stream writer for the `quarantined_media_changes` stream:
```

> The `quarantined_media_changes` stream supports multiple writers. The following endpoints should be routed directly to one of the workers

Reviewer: As an aside:

Re: https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-ansible-private/pull/7898 (specifying the Synapse `main` process) as of the stream writers because of the background job,

```yaml
stream_writers:
  quarantined_media_changes:
     - main
     - workers
```

We should also consider figuring out how to document the background jobs that also write to the stream
